doc: update kubernetes CNI requirements (#26596)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/requirements.rst

========================

:term:`CNI` - Container Network Interface is the plugin layer used by Kubernetes to

> delegate networking configuration. Prior to Kubernetes 1.24, the CNI plugins could also be managed by the kubelet using the ``cni-bin-dir`` and ``network-plugin`` command-line parameters. These command-line parameters were removed in Kubernetes 1.24, with management of the CNI no longer in scope for kubelet.
>  For more information, see the `Kubernetes CNI network-plugins documentation <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/>`_. To enable the cilium CNI plugin you need to configure the CNI plugin located at ``/etc/cni/net.d/`` . you can do this by making a config file for at the designated location . for making a config file you can refer to : `cilium config documentation <https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/configuration/>`_. 

Reviewer: A few things here:

- Let's keep present tense for how things work on K8s 1.24, given that Cilium still supports this version.
- It's not clear what “also” refers to. I think you copy-pasted this sentence from K8s's docs? Please let's adjust it to fit in the context.
- Mind the indentation (` For more information, ...`), the unexpected space at the beginning of the line breaks the build.
- Please fix the case and punctuation.
- Please wrap the lines, keep them under 80 characters in width or so.
- The internal reference (for configuration) needs to be fixed.

```suggestion
delegate networking configuration:

- Up to Kubernetes 1.23, you can enable the CNI in your cluster by passing ``--network-plugin=cni`` to Kubelet on all nodes.
- Starting from Kubernetes 1.24, this command-line parameter has been removed and kubelet no longer manages the CNI. For more information, see the `Kubernetes CNI network-plugins documentation`_. To enable the Cilium CNI plugin, configure the CNI plugin located at ``/etc/cni/net.d/``, by making a configuration file at the designated location. For more information about creating a configuration file, refer to :ref:`Cilium configuration <configuration>`.

.. _Kubernetes CNI network-plugins documentation: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/
```

>  For more information, see the `Kubernetes CNI network-plugins documentation <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/>`_. To enable the cilium CNI plugin you need to configure the CNI plugin located at ``/etc/cni/net.d/`` . you can do this by making a config file for at the designated location . for making a config file you can refer to : `cilium config documentation <https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/configuration/>`_. 

Reviewer 2: At this point, the document is no longer really listing a requirement and instead providing generic background information. In that spirit, we should document that Ciliium requires a CRI-compliant runtime that uses CNI for networking. In that vein, Cilium is tested to work with cri-o and containerd.

Author: @squeed sorry for being inactive I was busy in some chores . Do you mean to say that I should remove all of it and just put "Cilium requires a CRI-compliant runtime that utilizes CNI for networking. It has been tested to work with cri-o and containerd. Ensure that your container runtime is compatible with Cilium."

Reviewer 2: That would be my preference. This document's purpose is to capture Cilium's requirements, not identify Kubernetes upgrade concerns.
